Finals Frenzy is a single-player game targeted towards people of ages 14 and 15 year olds who
want help to make it through exams. A cross-sectional survey in the United States has shown
that on an average day, 61% of teenagers are stressed over school. The Centers for Disease
Control (CDC) reported a 70% increase in teen (10 - 17) suicide rate between 2006 and 2016 as
a result of stress of school. This cause of stress comes from a variety of places:

1. Family tensions and external pressure
2. Time management stress and meeting deadlines
3. Academic stress and exam pressure

Knowing these three most predominant causes of stress for teens, we knew that we could help
solve two of them: time management stress and exam pressure. Our goal is to help people succeed
in their exams and build good study habits to help them succeed in school. We wanted to create
something that helps students be less stressed during exam season. By teaching and testing the
player through a series of levels, we tried to accomplish our vision. The main objective of
Finals Frenzy is for the player to learn how to build good study habits and manage time
efficiently to succeed during exam season. By the end of the game, players should have built
good study skills and time management, as well as learned how to stay focused during exam season.

References
Clear, J. (n.d.). How to Build a New Habit: This is Your Strategy Guide. James Clear. Retrieved
    June 13, 2023, from https://jamesclear.com/habit-guide

The Impact Of A Clean Studying Environment For Teachers And Students. (2020, August 6).
    AcademicGates. Retrieved June 13, 2023, from
    https://www.academicgates.com/blog/the-impact-of-a-clean-studying-environment-for-te
    achers-and-students/62/view

Walker, T. (2018, May 14). As Teen Suicide Rate Increases, States Look to Schools to Address
    Crisis | NEA. National Education Association. Retrieved June 13, 2023, from
    https://www.nea.org/advocating-for-change/new-from-nea/teen-suicide-rate-increases-st
    ates-look-schools-address-crisis

Zauderer, s. (n.d.). 47 Student Stress Statistics (High School/College). Cross River Therapy.
    Retrieved June 13, 2023, from
    https://www.crossrivertherapy.com/student-stress-statistics
